Add DataDog-Configcat integration documents (#569)
DataDog/integrations-extras: configcat/README.md

# ConfigCat

## Overview

Ensures that every setting change in ConfigCat is sent to DataDog as an Event.

![DataDogEvent][3]

## Installation

> 1. Have a [DataDog subscription][8].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setup

1. Have a [DataDog subscription][8].
```

2. Get a [DataDog API Key][9].

> ![DataDogEvent][1] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ![DataDogEvent][1] 
```

4. Open the [integrations tab][10] on ConfigCat Dashboard.

> 5. Click on DataDog's CONNECT button and set your DataDog API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click on DataDog's _CONNECT_ button and set your DataDog API key.
```

6. You're all set. Go ahead and make some changes on your feature flags then check your Events in DataDog.

## Un-installation

> 1. Open the [integrations tab][10] on ConfigCat Dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Un-installation

1. Open the [integrations tab][10] on ConfigCat Dashboard.
```

2. Click on DataDog's DISCONNECT button and set your DataDog API key.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

ConfigCat integration does not include any metrics.

### Events

All ConfigCat related events collected appear within the DataDog Event Stream with the `source:configcat` property are tagged with your product, config and environment names.

> For example here is how to search for events that happened in the production environment: ```sources:configcat production```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example here is how to search for events that happened in the production environment: `sources:configcat production`:
```

![Filtering][4]

### Service Checks

ConfigCat integration does not include any service checks.

## Troubleshooting

> Need help? See [ConfigCat Docs][6] or contact [ConfigCat Support][7]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need help? See the [ConfigCat documentation][6] or contact [ConfigCat support][7]
```

# ConfigCat

![DataDogEvent][3]

## Overview

> DataDog integration ensures that all ConfigCat settings changes send to DataDog as an Event. With this feature you can see your system behaviour when changing your settings. You can setup the DataDog integration for a products in the ConfigCat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DataDog-ConfigCat  integration ensures that all ConfigCat settings changes are send to DataDog as an Event so that you can see all your system behaviour when changing your settings. 
```

## Setup

First of all you need DataDog subscription and [DataDog API key][7].
![DataDogEvent][1]

### 1. Navigate to product's settings page

![DataDogEvent][5]

### 2. Select *Integrations* tab

![DataDogEvent][2]

### 3. Click to DataDog's CONNECT button and set a DataDog API key

## Remove
### 1. Navigate to product's settings page
### 2. Select *Integrations* tab
### 3. Click to DataDog's DISCONNECT button

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

After having created your Datadog organization, retrieve its associated [DataDog API key][7]:

![Datadog API key][1]

1. Navigate to the ConfigCat product's settings page.

    ![Datadog filtering][5]

2. Select the *Integrations* tab:

    ![DataDogEvent][2]

3. Click to DataDog's CONNECT button and set a DataDog API key.
```

## DataDog filtering

All configcat related events *source* property is ```configcat``` and tagged with product, config environment names to easy to setup any monitor/alert.

### Example

Search all events where the environment is production: ```sources:configcat production```

> ![DataDogEvent][4]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Data Collected

### Metrics

ConfigCat integration does not include any metrics.

### Events

> ConfigCat integration sends events from ConfigCat to Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

All ConfigCat related events collected appear within the Datadog Event Stream with the `source:configcat` property are  tagged with your product and config environment names. To search all ConfigCat events where the environment is production for instance, use: `sources:configcat production`

![DataDogEvent][4]
```
